v5.31 changelog (#4192)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

Also see [changelog in progress](https://bit.ly/2nK3cVf) for the next release.

## Release v5.31 - [ESR](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html)

### Highlights
 - Pre-packaged and pre-installed the Incident Management v1.2.0.

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)

>  - Added the ability to mute categories with the experimental sidebar feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added the ability to mute categories with the experimental channel sidebar feature.
```

 - Fixed an issue where permissions did not grant read and/or write access to the Global Relay configuration settings.
 - Fixed an issue where the site configuration ‘’Read only’’ permission did not make the "Notice" section as read-only for the System Manager.
 - Fixed an issue where importing Client4 in a node server caused an exception due to rudder modules.
 - Fixed an issue where LDAP ‘’FirstLoginSync’’ didn't close LDAP Session.
 - Fixed an issue where line numbers did not line up with the text on code file previews.

### config.json
Multiple setting options were added to ``config.json``. Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install. The settings can be modified in ``config.json``, or the System Console when available.

#### Changes to Team Edition and Enterprise Edition:
 - Under ``ServiceSettings`` in config.json:
    - Added ``CollapsedThreads`` for collapsed reply threads feature.
    
### Go Version
 - 5.31 is built with Go ``1.14.6``.

### Database Changes
 - 

### Websocket Event Changes
 - Added new websocket events ``thread_updated``, ``thread_follow_changed``, and ``thread_read_changed``.

> ### API Changes

Author: TBD by dev

 
### Known Issues

>  - **Discard Changes** confirmation is not displayed when an admin adds people in the **System Roles** System Console page and clicks elsewhere before saving the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Discard Changes** confirmation is not displayed when an admin adds people on the **System Roles** System Console page and clicks elsewhere before saving the changes.
```

 - Error text is missing when the team name is left blank on the team creation page.

>  - Line numbers do not line up with the text on code file previews.

Reviewer: This is listed as a bug fix above, and can likely be removed as a known issue.

 - Posts created by bots containing attachments sometimes appear as repeated until the user refreshes the page.
 - Emoji counter in the center channel doesn't always update immediately when a reaction is added in the right-hand side.
 - A JavaScript error may appear in some cases when dismissing the new messages toast while scrolled up in the right-hand side.

>  - The Admin Filter option is not disabled in AD/LDAP page for admin roles with ``sysconsole_write_authentication`` permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The Admin Filter option is not disabled on the AD/LDAP page for admin roles with the ``sysconsole_write_authentication`` permission.
```

Also see [changelog in progress](https://bit.ly/2nK3cVf) for the next release.

## Release v5.31 - [ESR](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html)

**Release Day: 2021-01-16**

### Highlights

#### Improved status updates for [Incident Management (E20 Edition)](https://mattermost.com/incident-management/)

>  - Pre-packaged and pre-installed the Mattermost Incident Management v1.2.0, which enables incident responders to more easily inform stakeholders of incident status updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Pre-packaged and pre-installed the Mattermost Incident Management v1.2.0, which enables incident responders to more easily inform stakeholders of incident status updates.
```

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Added the ability to mute categories with the experimental channel sidebar feature.
 - Added support for multi-selection of channels when dragging and dropping between channels in the experimental sidebar feature.
 - Group messages are now returned in the channel switcher when only first names are typed.

>  - Issuing ``/dnd`` consecutively no longer unexpectedly toggles the user status between “Do Not Disturb” and “Online”, and will only set the user’s status to “Do Not Disturb”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Issuing ``/dnd`` consecutively no longer unexpectedly toggles the user's status between “Do Not Disturb” and “Online”, and will only set the user’s status to “Do Not Disturb”.
```

### Bug Fixes
 - Cleaned up the config store on server initialization errors.
 - Fixed an issue where permissions did not grant read and/or write access to the Global Relay configuration settings.
 - Fixed an issue where the site configuration ‘’Read only’’ permission did not make the "Notice" section read-only for the System Manager.
 - Fixed an issue where importing Client4 in a node server caused an exception due to rudder modules.
 - Fixed an issue where LDAP ‘’FirstLoginSync’’ didn't close the LDAP Session.
 - Fixed an issue where line numbers did not line up with the text on code file previews.
 - Fixed an issue where the threshold from the bottom of the screen was sometimes not respected for received messages.
 - Fixed an issue where desktop notifications got sent for every message posted in a Direct Message channel.

### config.json
Multiple setting options were added to ``config.json``. Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install. The settings can be modified in ``config.json``, or the System Console when available.

#### Changes to Team Edition and Enterprise Edition:
 - Under ``ServiceSettings`` in config.json:

>     - Added ``CollapsedThreads`` for collapsed reply threads feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added ``CollapsedThreads`` for the collapsed reply threads feature.
```

    
### Go Version
 - 5.31 is built with Go ``1.14.6``.

### API Changes
 - Added a new ``POST /api/v4/cloud/webhook`` endpoint.

### Websocket Event Changes
 - Added new websocket events ``thread_updated``, ``thread_follow_changed``, and ``thread_read_changed``.
 
### Known Issues

>  - **Discard Changes** confirmation is not displayed when an admin adds people on the **System Roles** System Console page and clicks elsewhere before saving the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Discard Changes** confirmation is not displayed when a System Administrator adds people on the **System Roles** System Console page and clicks elsewhere before saving the changes.
```

 - Error text is missing when the team name is left blank on the team creation page.
 - Posts created by bots containing attachments sometimes appear as repeated until the user refreshes the page.
 - Emoji counter in the center channel doesn't always update immediately when a reaction is added in the right-hand side.
 - A JavaScript error may appear in some cases when dismissing the new messages toast while scrolled up in the right-hand side.

>  - The Admin Filter option is not disabled on the AD/LDAP page for admin roles with the ``sysconsole_write_authentication`` permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The **Admin Filter** option is not disabled on the AD/LDAP page for admin roles with the ``sysconsole_write_authentication`` permission.
```

>  - On a server using a subpath, the URL opens a blank page if the System Admin changes the Site URL in the System Console. To fix this, the System Admin should restart the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - On a server using a subpath, the URL opens a blank page if the System Administrator changes the Site URL in the System Console. To fix this, the System Admin should restart the server.
```

 - Login does not work when Custom Terms of Service is enabled and MFA is enforced.
 - Google login fails on the Classic mobile apps.
 - Status may sometimes get stuck as **Away** or **Offline** in High Availability mode with IP Hash turned off.

>  - Searching stop words in quotes with Elasticsearch enabled returns more than just the searched terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Searching stop words in quotation marks with Elasticsearch enabled returns more than just the searched terms.
```
